well hello there boys and girls and
welcome back to another edition of
modern 143 FF ain't gonna play live i'm
your host muzzafuzza and today's episode
number 23 michael jordan style so I need
to go hard let's see if i can get a
award-winning gameplay show of
athleticism and ability within the ranks
of call of duty modern warfare 3 the
greatest call of duty game of all time I
can't even can't even say that sentence
without laughing there's no way this is
the greatest con game of all time by the
way if you can't you can't detect
sarcasm get out of my face oh boy I'm a
survivor I'm a survivor survivor with no
bullets
here's one I sound work all day all day
all day I just sound more all day oh
damn day no and then I get killed from a
guy way in the back shooting all the way
across the map fuck and then I waste my
ammo ooh only to be saved by the quick
knife to the mouth of the bad kids
galore no land shark while and shark
well you gotta be such a freakin land
shark trying to swim on land your shark
you're like as old as the dinosaurs what
are you doing trying to swim on land
dick leave it for the mammals and the
insects and other things like reptiles
and shit I don't know I'm not a
biologist get on my level Wow I say get
on my level and then i miss the easiest
headshot of all time real cool
muzzafuzza real cool let's shoutcast
some bk's 00 to people that Miss I am
worse than two people that Miss okay
this guy's actually not doing bad got to
give it up to white boy is don'ts know
how to bring it let's see if this goat
can put together the rest of the
gameplay is he's running trying to find
it Oh found another enemy he is just
dominating he's 8 and 0 not to get a
flawless gameplay send it in a machinima
posted on respawned get all the subs all
the views and all day youtube money nope
that's what happens at is what happens
you see you see whoa there's money all
over the ground you literally like
exploded into YouTube money as he got
the kill for the payback this is what
happens bro I mean uh oh you don't look
so good you're not looking so hot right
now you're not looking like a high level
gaming athlete greatest of all time go
white boy seventh Street fanboy with one
arm you got one arm you're just a nub
you just got one little nub you're a
nublet hi what's going on here he was
tea bagging and then we got game owner
55 not a very creative name game owner
50 50 dirt and for peezy for you is not
very good on the sticks didn't get his
shot off Oh what are you doing bro what
are you buddy both of them miss their
shots it's a time it's time for a knife
off all you've got is a knife come on go
get him go get him bro go get up look at
this look at this nuclear warning okay
you need it need to kill each other
that's what it means I mean this is
Russian for stop wasting my fucking time
please stop doing stop where are you
going where are you running off to
there's only two people in this Lobby
and you were one of them and you decide
to go sit in a corner this is call of
duty incarnate ladies and gentlemen this
is the representation of the call of
duty community it's a man sitting in a
corner in the dark
and he gets the kill and wins the game
doesn't even make any sense so twisted
look at him crouching in a corner here's
him Russia's and stabs him in the face
youtube money flies everywhere he looks
up at it and celebrates that's how it
goes but I hope you guys enjoyed this
has been muzzafuzza and that was episode
23 if you liked it click like if you
want to hit me up on Twitter or Facebook
they're always down below in the
description of all my videos and I need
to drink water it is freaking hot in
here I will see you guys later